---
title: 01 - Overview of the 2024 macos workflow
description: null
image:
  path: >-
    https://res.cloudinary.com/daqwsgmx6/image/upload/q_75/v1706149938/youtube/2024-macos-workflow/01-overview.avif
date: '2024-01-21 20:01:00 +0000'
categories:
  - 2024-macos-workflow
tags:
  - macos
  - tutorial
  - youtube
  - video
---
## Contents

<!-- toc -->

- [YouTube video](#youtube-video)
- [Do you want your terminal to look like this?](#do-you-want-your-terminal-to-look-like-this)
- [Community-driven promotion](#community-driven-promotion)
- [You're a fraud, why do you ask for money, isn't YouTube Ads enough?](#youre-a-fraud-why-do-you-ask-for-money-isnt-youtube-ads-enough)

<!-- tocstop -->

## YouTube video

{% include embed/youtube.html id='fYwvWa8c_Bs' %}

## Do you want your terminal to look like this?

- In this video series we'll set up your terminal to look like mine, we'll use
  my configuration files and I'll guide you through every step of the way.
- We'll also go over the command line tools I use every day so you can
  understand how they work, and how to set them up
- As of Jan 27 2023, not all the videos are recorded, so not all the pages will
  be posted, but I'll update the pages as the rest of the videos are released.

## Community-driven promotion

Do you want to promote yourself in my channel? I'm not talking about a company
like notion, brilliant, and all those other ones we're using to seeing. I'm
talking about you as a person, do you have a project, course, youtube channel or
product and trying to reach an audience?

If interested, pricing and all the details can be found
[in this other page](https://chirpy.home.linkarzu.com/about/#community-driven-promotion){:target="\_blank"}

## You're a fraud, why do you ask for money, isn't YouTube Ads enough?

- I explain all of this in the "about me page" link below:
  - [youre-a-fraud-why-do-you-ask-for-money-isnt-youtube-ads-enough](https://linkarzu.com/about/#youre-a-fraud-why-do-you-ask-for-money-isnt-youtube-ads-enough){:target="\_blank"}
  - Above you'll also find links to my discord, social media, etc

